[JS] Update migration docs to use path (#7143)
aws-amplify/docs: src/pages/[platform]/build-a-backend/storage/configure-access/index.mdx

<InlineFilter filters={['javascript',  'react-native', 'angular', 'nextjs', 'react', 'vue']}>

<Callout warning>
We recommend using the new [Amplify Gen2](https://docs.amplify.aws/gen2/build-a-backend/storage/) experience when defining file access permissions as it offers a more flexible approach to customize access to files.

> Note: `accessLevel` parameter is deprecated and maybe removed in next major version.

Reviewer: Should we include both params?

```suggestion
Note: The `key`, `accessLevel`, and `targetIdentityId` parameters are deprecated and maybe removed in next major version.
```

Author: since this section is specific to accessLevel we had it like this. Would u still prefer keeping it consistent?

Reviewer: MSTM!
